TwL updates PR (#8744)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/legacy_app_analytics/_index.md

  - /tracing/advanced_usage/
---

<div class="alert alert-danger">
This is a deprecated page with configuration information relevant to Legacy App Analytics. Tracing without Limits™ is now the recommended way to have full control over your data ingestion and trace retention with no sampling.
<br>

> Migrate to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion">Trace Retention and Ingestion</a> to use the new functionality.

Reviewer: same comments as previous

## Span filtering

> An [Indexed span][2] represents the top [span][3] for a [service][4], including its metadata. Once enabled, Indexed Spans are sent at 100% throughput by default. For example, a Java service with 100 requests will generate 100 Indexed Spans from its `servlet.request` spans, as each `servlet.request` span generates an Indexed span. [Filtering Indexed Spans][5] has the benefit of reducing the number of billable Indexed Spans and has no effect on [trace][6] sampling. Once a service has been filtered lower than 100%, the Indexed span generated metrics Total Errors and Total Requests are upscaled to display an estimate by default, and you have the option to display the filtered value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [Indexed Span][2] represents the top [span][3] for a [service][4], including its metadata. Once tracing is enabled, 100% of Indexed Spans are sent by default. For example, a Java service with 100 requests will generate 100 Indexed Spans from its `servlet.request` spans, as each `servlet.request` span generates an Indexed Span. You can reduce the number of billable indexed Spans by [Filtering Indexed Spans][5], without affecting [trace][6] sampling. If a service has been filtered lower than 100%, the Indexed Span-generated metrics Total Errors and Total Requests are adjusted to display an estimate by default, and you have the option to display the filtered value instead.
```

Author: Oh this is now just wrong hang on will update.  Find replace did not do a good job on this one :(

Changes to the filtering rates are queued, by service & environment, allowing to estimate the impact on your overall span volume. Changes can then be reviewed, edited, approved, or rejected. Once applied, changes are immediate and [affect your billing][7].

> {{< img src="tracing/app_analytics/analytics/apm_event_filtering.gif" alt="Indexed span Filtering" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="tracing/app_analytics/analytics/apm_event_filtering.gif" alt="Indexed Span Filtering" >}}
```
